The McElroy brothers are not experts, and their advice should never be followed.
Travis insists he's a sexpert, but if there's a degree on his wall, I haven't seen it.
Also, this show isn't for kids, which I mention only so the babies out there
will know how cool they are for listening. What's up, you cool baby?
It's a new craze, and good girls do you wanna just say, hey I wanna, just say, hey I wanna.
Hello everybody and welcome to my brother my brother meeting advice show for the modern
era. I'm your oldest brother Justin McElroy. I'm your middle-est brother Travis McElroy.
I'm your sweet ass brother Griffin McElroy. Your ass brother Griffin McElroy. Cycle 2-2,
America's Next Top Model is back. Boys continue to be in the house.
Boys are still in the house. That's still a heavy, still a heavy element of the show.
Yeah. Isn't it? Like they still,
like it's still in the theme song, boys in the house, but it's like boys in the house.
Yeah, three years in. Boys are still in the house.
They should shake it up and do like dogs and cats in the house.
Yeah, well they had one angle that they started to pursue in this cycle of ANTM 2.2, which was-
It's not two murderers in the house.
It's a double X double I.
Double X double I maybe.
God, I hope everybody who listens to the show watches ANTM and if you don't, then piss off.
We don't want you to listen. Wasting your time.
Yeah. They had an angle this season, which was no beauty has no size or some shit like that,
where you could just be small because all the models on past seasons are all like six foot
beautiful and now they're like four foot lovely.
I don't think they've ever done short and guys. That's like two things.
A new combination.
It's a new combination. Who's your favorite so far of the crew?
Niall, definitely.
Definitely Niall. I like Mamay. I think she's bringing a good style to it. She seems very
professional and I think that's important for this environment.
I think Tyra's going to win this year.
What if Tyra just won?
What if she was America's next top model?
Do you know how fucking desperate she is every year when she announces the winner?
Just like it catches on her tongue. Tyra. Tyra. I should win though.
Niall, Justin, do you want to bust out Niall's amazing-
Travis, you're not an ANTM fan, right? So I'm relating this to you.
Yes, please.
Niall is a deaf gentleman.
Beautiful. Beautiful features. Beautiful jawline. He needs to work on it. He's not
using his face sex very well and he's got a lot of it.
Did you say face sacks?
Face sacks.
Sacks, okay.
Yeah. Niall has two methods through which he communicates. One is an interpreter, which
is amazing because he's just there and chilling and the models are in the house getting cray
and he's just waiting for Niall to start waving his hands and making sign language so he can
do something. But other than that, I bet he's contractually obligated to be silent. There's
no way he's allowed to add to the drama of the house. He can't sleep around with the
models, etc. So that's the one thing. The other thing is they gave him a phone that
has a text-to-voice feature so every once in a while, this fool will just quiet the
house with his cell phone. Just raise it above his head and blast his missives.
Yes, on the episode I watched yesterday, one of the ladies was upset because they shaved
half of her hair and it caused quite a stir and Niall raises his cell phone aloft and
it says, you're all talking about hair, hair, hair. Do I complain about my deafness? No.
Boom!
It's like, okay, how did you sit on that for five episodes? There's been a lot of meaningless
conversation up to this point. Why is this the moment to deploy?
It is weird having the ASL interpreter in the house because it's weird to have somebody
not, especially beautiful. He's got a beautiful spirit.
I wish they would cut to him for the confessionals or he's just like, I couldn't care less.
I just don't.
He's not, no, you're right. He's not an ugly dude.
He's not ugly.
But he's walking amongst gods and goddesses.
Right.
I like totally, no one, no human could compete in this environment, but it makes him by comparison
look like Gollum hiding in the shadows, waiting for somebody to drop a raw fish so he can
skitter out and maybe interpret some sign language.
I have in my head already like just mythologized, whatever, turn this gentleman just like as
people are running through the house, like yelling at each other, like you stole my thing
or whatever. He's just like quietly eating a sandwich at the kitchen counter and you
just like see him in the background as the camera pans past him.
No, he can't be.
He can't be.
They tried to make him stay off camera as much as possible.
So he like hides behind curtains and just watches.
You see his shoes smoking out the bottom.
You see his shoes smoking out, waiting to interpret some sign language.
It's, I mean, like we're having fun.
It's kind of awesome that like for a show like this, they like, you know, made the
accommodations for this gentleman.
It's just like it gives the whole show like this crazy, like, like sci-fi, like absurdist
angle that there's just like a guy who's there also.
Just like a traveler from the normal world.
Studying what the beautiful people do.
Exactly.
It's cycle two point, cycle two to ASL interpreter in the house.
I really, the amazing, one of the, the second most amazing moment from last night's episode
is that one of the women was talking about the haircut she was getting and they said
they're giving me a cut similar to Tyra's new look.
And they literally pop a picture up of Tyra Banks in case in the last like 30 seconds
since you have seen Tyra Banks on this show, you have forgotten what Tyra's new look looks
like.
Here is a reminder of Tyra Banks' visit.
I mean, it definitely, definitely looks like the woman from House of Cards.
It definitely looks like Robin Wright.
Is that right?
Formerly knee Robin Wright pen.
Pen.
Knee Robin Wright.
Yeah.
Used to be, not anymore.
So that is our contractual obligated seven minutes on America's Next Top Model.
This is an advice show as you've almost certainly gathered and we're ready to get into it.
So let me pop open the top on this fresh batch of questions.
A few weeks ago, a coworker informed me that she had quote some sort of Sega console in
her basement and asked if I would be interested in taking it.
I told her that I would be happy to take it off her hands and she promised to bring it
in the next day.
It has been a few weeks and she seems to have forgotten about it.
I want it, but I feel like it'd be rude to pester her for something she said she'd give
me for free.
Is there a tactful way to bring it up and get my hands on it?
That's from Seeking a Sega in St. Paul, whoosh.
A lot of variables here.
Before we get into this, I did just-
So many variables.
I want to ask about those tie overs.
There was one woman who part of her tie over is they whitened her teeth and they didn't
do that for anybody else.
They didn't do that for anybody.
Can you imagine being the one person that's like, oh, in addition to your haircut, we're
also going to whiten your teeth.
Like cool, is that a service everybody else is getting?
No, just you.
Just you.
We're also going to bleach your butthole.
If we're going to bleach your butt, is something...
Oh, is everyone getting...
No, it's just you.
Just you.
This is a special request.
You have a special teeth and bowl.
Anyway.
Anyway, so okay.
I feel like we have to provide several answers to this question.
Number one, if it's a Sega Master System.
Fuck it.
It's not even worth it.
What if it's a Sega CD?
Sega CD, Justin D.
If it's working, then I say go for it.
A lot of them, because it has a motor in the spindle, a lot of those are like not functioning
very well.
So if it's a Sega CD system, or God almighty, if it's like a Nomad, for example.
Oh my God, yeah.
A Nomad, that would be amazing.
Or one of the like, the CDX, where like the CD and Genesis is all like built in.
The 32X, I think is what...
No, no, no.
The CDX is a different...
Oh, that's right.
That's right.
It's a combined...
Why does she just have this in her basement?
Well, everybody's got a Sega system in their basement somewhere.
My house doesn't even have a fucking basement, and I have a basement with like a Sega Saturn
in it.
Everyone has an old Sega system somewhere in their house, even if you don't...
Oh, I just found mine.
Oh, yeah.
There it is.
It was holding up my desk.
I would also say a Saturn would not be worth it.
Now, if it is a Dreamcast, you move heaven and earth.
Yeah.
Whatever, pester every day.
Leave notes.
Hide under her desk.
Hello.
Hello, it's me.
Did you bring the Dreamcast today?
Yeah, you just gotta let her know.
I don't want to rule in on this though, unless I know.
Because there's a ratio of effort to Sega system quality.
Okay, but here's the other side of this, question asker.
If she does remember in like two weeks and you didn't say anything, I think it compounds,
and she goes, oh my God, I completely forgot.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't, but if you walk over and just go like, hey, do you still have that Sega system?
And like, just bring it up.
You're saying the longer you delay asking about it, the more eagerly she will...
She'll be like, if you wait two months, she'll be like, oh my God, I can't believe I wasted
two months of your life.
Let me go, I'll get you the Dreamcast, and then I'll also go out and I'll buy you a copy
of Shenmue, and a copy of Power Stone, and a copy of Sonic Adventure 2.
What if in the interim, since she had this conversation with you,
she saw your eyes light up when she mentioned she had a Dreamcast.
Maybe she's like, what am I missing?
Like, maybe I need to get deep into this fantastic system.
And now she's like, oh yeah, I'll bring it to you as soon as I finish Blue Stinger.
I just need to beat Seaman real quick.
But here's the thing, you can't beat Seaman.
It just keeps going.
Seaman never ends.
You can only beat Seaman once you kill him.
That's true.
That's not hard.
Do you guys remember, can we tell the Seaman story of that time we went to the beach?
Yeah.
The two of you were, I killed my Seaman.
Once Seaman learned to talk, and he was like, hey, dickhead.
I'm like, nope.
You're a real asshole.
You're a jack weed.
Hey, what's up?
Not much.
I'm going to boil you.
Hey, did you bring any babes this time?
I asked you to bring babes.
Seaman, I can't.
You have to kill your boss, Travis.
Whoa, damn.
Seaman, no.
Kill your parents.
Did you bring any weed?
But so we went to the beach for vacation, and we left the AV cables at home for our Dreamcast.
And we fucking flipped shit, because our Seamans were going to die.
And we made our parents drive to the store and buy AV cables immediately.
And it's worth noting that you can definitely, definitely, definitely change the clock on the
Dreamcast.
So that would not have been an issue.
But we were idiot kids.
What did we know?
That was also the vacation, if I remember correctly, where we first saw Deep Blue Sea.
Very momentous.
Yeah, it's a very momentous occasion.
Then there was that time in Philadelphia where we saw the guy who ran up to us and said,
hey, I do something the whole family can enjoy.
Backflips.
And it was awesome.
It was great.
It was awesome.
How many times have we told that story?
But do you think that man knew, like, I'm going to immortalize myself with this desperate act
of flipping?
Maybe he was like a listener from the future.
Oh, shit.
Shit.
Listen, in order to avoid a catastrophic paradox, you must have your whole family watch me do
flips.
Also, I would appreciate a $5 bill.
$5 would go down.
Which maybe we gave him.
Maybe he was saving our lives.
Maybe, like, 10 feet ahead of us as he was doing the backflip, a sniper shot rang out.
It was the only thing, like, he was coming up with it in the moment.
Like, I do something the whole family can enjoy.
And then the first thing that came to his mind is backflip.
And he thought, oh, fuck.
What if the sniper saw him?
Like, oh, no, he's getting in the way.
And then he shot.
And then he flips.
And the bullet misses him because it goes where his head was.
And then as we walked away, he just looked at little Griffin and said, you're safe now,
great, great, great, great grandfather.
You're safe now, Mr. President.
What if he realized after he said backflip, he didn't know how to do a backflip?
And he just had to summon it in that moment.
Well, you did leap.
And then you spun backwards.
Because that's a backflip, Travis.
Oh, yeah, yeah.
Sheesh.
I would honestly, if this was me, I would have already, like, asked about it.
Yeah, for sure.
Maybe say, like, there's a casual way.
Maybe say, like, hey, did you ever figure out what kind of Sega console you had?
Because I was going to buy a couple of controls for it on eBay.
Because I found a good deal on some.
How about a Yahoo?
And then if she says it's a Sega Master System, push her into a well.
Yeah, sure.
Sure, thanks, I was looking for, I was really psyched to play Alex.
No, fuck, I can't even pretend, kid chameleon.
Shit, whatever.
Do you guys want to, that was Sega Genesis.
Fuck, whatever.
Do you guys want a Yahoo?
I wanted to play Willy Beamish.
No, a Sega CD.
Yeah.
I actually think you're thinking about Alex Kidd in Miracle World.
Alex Kidd in Miracle World.
Shit.
Yeah.
Damn it.
How about a Yahoo?
Yep.
This one was sent in by level9000.
Yeah, Drew, Drew, Drew Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by YeahDrewAnswer.
Oh, they're anonymous.
Didn't want the word getting out on this one.
It's on the society and culture etiquette category.
And Solid Snake here asks, how do you play Snuggle Bug at a party?
Rules?
Pardon?
How do you play Snuggle Bug at a party?
Rules?
What are the rules to the popular party game that is known widely across the world and
this beautiful country as Snuggle Bug?
Griffin, what?
How do you even-
You gotta stop bringing this stuff unless you've done a base amount of research.
I mean, I got the wiki out.
Let me break it down for you guys.
I'll just answer the question.
You get a fairly large group of friends together, at least five people.
Oh my God, I'm reading the rules.
It says, get a mixture of male and female players, or if you want, it can be single sexed.
So basically, fucking any, like almost in-
You can have two guys, three girls, three guys, two girls.
And a pizza place.
Snuggle with a pizza place.
They have managed to be redundant and also exclusionary.
So like, if you just don't identify, like you can't play Snuggle Bug.
That's the one thing.
If you don't identify with the single gender, like there is no Snuggle Bug in your future.
I'm very sorry.
And wikiHow is the authority on it.
This is the rule book.
Get a bowl or anything similar to that.
For example, a hat, a pillowcase, a bucket.
So again, fucking anything.
Go to a suitable location.
If your parents give you permission, you could use your house.
Your parents will not give you permission.
Mom, dad, I would love to get my snug on.
Can I use your room?
Can I use your marital bed?
Dad, wherever you go, be sure there are places you can hide.
Not somewhere like behind a sofa, but a different room.
Come on, bring it.
You're not even trying.
Behind the sofa?
Fuck, come on.
Get everyone who is playing to one place and get them to stand wherever they want.
Nope, get them to sit.
Get them to sit or stand wherever they want.
Sit or stand.
Okay, just as long as they're not like fucking-
No crouching, don't be prone.
Yeah.
No hovering.
Get strips of paper so each person playing has one.
On all the strips of paper except for one, write down, you're not the snuggle bug.
Or if you want to save time, just leave it blank.
Yes, no, I really want to put the effort into this.
On one of the pieces of paper, you write down, you're the snuggle bug.
Got it.
On one of the pieces of paper, write down, I'm going to kill you, Devon.
Give everyone a strip of paper from the quote unquote bowl.
Like, okay, we get it.
They can read it, but they don't let anyone know what they have.
Ask some people to volunteer to search for the snuggle bug.
It shouldn't be too many.
About two people searching for every five people playing.
This is fucking crazy.
And then turn off the lights and everyone should spread out searching for the snuggle bug
who should have gone and hidden.
I don't understand.
I need you to back up to the last step of the game.
I don't understand the search phase of snuggle bug.
You go searching for snuggle bugs.
Some people go searching for snuggle bug.
Also, if you're the snuggle bug, don't mess up the game and volunteer to search for the snuggle bug.
It's just really annoying.
But that seems like that would be the best way to go
because then you just make the other searcher disappear.
Right, turn off the lights and everyone should spread out
searching for the snuggle bug who should have gone and hidden.
And 11, this is the last instruction.
Snuggle if you find the snuggle bug or if they want they can do anything else.
Oh shit.
Fuck if you find the snuggle bug.
Hey, do you guys want to play over the pants stuff bug?
It's a new favorite teen game.
This rule set is crazy.
You draw it and one person's the snuggle bug
and then people have to volunteer to search for the snuggle bug.
This mission, this is a mission you may not come back from.
Why wouldn't you go search for the snuggle bug?
If you're going to play snuggle bug, why wouldn't you go search for the snuggle bug?
It's a binary.
You're either searching for the snuggle bug or not.
And then what are you?
You're just fucking sitting or standing around.
This is crazy.
Well, you have to hide somewhere, but like in another room, not behind the couch, dipshit.
And then like, I guess when you find people and they're like-
No, what he's saying, only the snuggle bug needs to hide.
And only some of the people who are not the snuggle bug
volunteer to go search for the snuggle bug.
And when you find them, it's just like a big snuggle pile
or only the searchers get to snuggle them?
If you find the snuggle bug, you snuggle them.
This is the fucking worst.
If you're searching for, there are some tips here.
If you're searching for the snuggle bug, but are having a hard time,
you could team up with another person who's also searching for the snuggle bug.
Do a little three-way snuggle.
Could my other person be a bloodhound?
You gotta be careful though.
If the two of you find it, it turns into a reservoir of dogs.
Like who's gonna snuggle this bug and you don't trust the other person.
There's a lot of backstabbing and underhanded.
Snuggle does sound like a cutthroat game.
It sounds like a bullshit game.
Where's the resource trading phase?
Wait a minute.
This is an excuse for teens to grope each other.
Okay, it's not a game.
It's a grope thing.
Hey, you know what teens?
Just grope.
Just grope teens.
What's with all the artifice?
Be careful about, I mean, protect your heart.
Oh no, consensual groping.
Yeah, protect your heart, protect your treasure and all that.
But it's just, this is just, I'm all about coming up with excuses
to rub up against your friends if both of you are into it.
But it's just, this is a bad game.
I have a new game I've invented.
Okay.
And this is how you play the game.
You look at somebody and you say, hey, do you want to snuggle with me?
And if they say yes, you snuggle.
And if they say no, you say, that's totally cool.
I understand.
And then you move on to the next player.
I just feel like in inventing Snuggle Bug, they invented a reason
to consensually fondle each other and didn't stop to think about
the collateral damage, which is that I might have to read
the rules of Snuggle Bug someday.
Can you imagine if you are the Snuggle Bug, right?
Okay, I'm behind a couch.
No, wait, fuck.
No, do better.
This is the plot of Eyes Wide Shut 2.
I have excellent news.
Oh boy.
Mickey Howe is apparently chock full of bullshit rules for fake made up games.
Can I interest you gentlemen in the three steps you need to know
to play hot boiled beans and bacon?
Yes, please.
One, send the person to find the object outside.
Like, you have not set up a vocabulary for any of this shit.
Like, I don't know what any of that means.
What object?
He who is chosen will know.
He who is chosen will be called.
Have the rest of the players hide any not too large object in the room?
Like, this is a group activity.
Like, don't hide a big screen TV.
When they have hidden it, shout outside, hot boiled beans and bacon.
It's hidden, but can be taken.
Hot boiled beans and bacon.
It's time for the rites, the sacrament to begin.
Hot boiled beans and bacon, the purge has begun.
When she gets close to the object, say you're getting hot.
Or if she's going away from it, say you're getting cold.
If she's very cold or very hot, it denotes that he is either very close to the object,
very hot, or she is very far from the object, very cold.
Holy shit, we get it.
If she's extremely near to the object, yell you're burning.
If she's extremely far from the object, say she's freezing.
Set them on fire.
When she finds the object, reward her with a small prize,
and then there's a picture of a Snickers bar.
A fun-sized Snickers bar.
Because they're having fun.
That would be the only, here's one of the tips.
Good prizes are bags of pretzels, little toys, candy, et cetera.
Good things to hide are hats, dolls, shoes, books, et cetera.
Good places to hide are on blue shelves, under the sofa, in a drawer, et cetera.
If the weather is bad outside, just send the person into another room with a blindfold on.
Maybe some earplugs or earmuff so she can't hear where you're putting the object.
Capital S for no reason at the end.
That's like, did so, oh man.
Did we just break Justin?
Now I'm looking at the community member who wrote this and it looks like he's 11.
I need to know, I need to know his name.
His name is Daniel and he's from Belgium.
Okay, maybe.
So they don't have hot and cold over there, is what you're telling me.
This kid was just like, oh, I'm on some new dope shit.
Guys, guys, guys, he's at the playground.
Guys, I'm on some next level shit over here.
What if you hid the object?
What object?
Shut the fuck, shut your fucking mouth and let me finish.
You hide the object and then when people get far away from it, they're cold,
but they get close, they're hot.
Boiled beans and bacon.
I'm really hungry now.
Yeah, for hot boiled beans and bacon?
No, just in general.
So I'm in the bathroom at work and I hear an iPhone camera take a picture in the stall.
How should one respond?
You're just bragging, you know how to respond.
Say no paparazzi, please.
Yeah, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.
Listen, listen, listen.
Hey, guys, listen.
No pooparazzi.
Hey, pretty good.
I um, I did this once cause there's some really fun graffiti in a bathroom at
one of the places we went on the midwest tour.
And I was like, oh, great.
And I snapped a picture.
And for some reason you can't like mute that particular function
on your phone.
And so, yeah, it definitely sounded like
I was either doing a dick or turd picture.
And neither of those are things I want.
So if you're the picture taker, you have to just say like,
I'm taking a graffiti picture, snap.
Out loud, this is of graffiti.
Please don't misconstrue this camera sound.
I am not displaying neither my junk nor my turd.
But see, I would respond,
that's exactly what a junk snapper would say.
So maybe you announce like,
I am taking a picture of my dick.
And then they're like, well, he's definitely not.
He wouldn't say it out loud.
Well, no, because that's definitely something
a dick snapper would say.
Here's what you do, is you say, you go,
and then you ask the person in the stall next to you
for their phone number.
And then you text them the picture you just took.
That is the only way to get like
actual verifiable evidence on this.
What if you heard like, right after that,
you heard the door open and an aide say,
Representative Wiener, it's time for the-
Oh, Justin, really?
It's 20, Justin, it's 2015.
You guys heard about this story?
Let me try again.
Justin.
Have you heard the door open and hear-
Y'all heard about this?
Your representative of Favre, it's time,
also in this fiction. Oh, good, good.
Brett Favre has been elected
to the House of Representatives.
Yeah, sure.
Was this last year too?
Was last year just not a great year for dicks?
Or a great year for dicks.
I would argue a bad year for dicks.
Brett Favre's 100,000 years old,
and he's probably got a little bit of
football-related mangling going on down there.
He's got a football dick.
Listen, he's a wonderful, he's a great quarterback,
and he did great things for the Green Bay Packers,
but his dick is just beef jerky down there.
Who's that celebrity dick pic
you're always trying to get me to look at?
Oh, Jeff Probst?
I don't try to get anybody
to look at a picture of Jeff Probst's dick.
I just do it, I do it, I just do it.
He'll mask the file name,
and they just tell me to pop it open,
and then there it is.
Travis will be at the beach,
and a bottle will wash up on shore,
and he'll unfurl a scroll inside,
and it'll be a JPEG, printed out JPEG, of Probst's member.
It's just, it's a great, it's a great,
and it's ethically dubious,
but it's a great picture of a dick.
Cool dick, he looks really happy.
Cool pose.
Let's break down all the great pics.
Let me open it up.
Well lit, yes, fantastic photo quality.
Great, I have to load it up,
because I don't want to get it.
I think Ann Geddes took it.
His dick is resting on a sunflower.
It's a fun thing to type in.
It's a fun thing to search for.
So just to go down the line, looking at it now,
I'm looking at a censored version, which is fine.
He's got a nice necklace on
that looks like something you'd wear on the show,
that's fun.
He's got the best part of the picture.
Again, great hog, but the best part of the picture,
well, okay, the second best part of the picture
is his face.
He's so happy.
He's really very, very legitimately happy.
He's fucking gized about it.
He's super gized about this whole situation,
and that's what makes me feel less bad about it.
The look on his face is that he was,
through some sort of time temporal disturbance,
he was present at the invention of the camera,
as though he was taking a history-making dick shot.
Like it was the first dick shot that he had ever taken.
I thought that his face made it appear
as though he just discovered he had a dick,
and he was really proud and excited by it.
So the best thing about the picture
is he has a farmer's tan
around where his cargo shorts always are,
because this motherfucker's always wearing cargo shorts,
always wearing cargo shorts.
Even when he's not on the island,
and he's not adjudicating,
this motherfucker's cargo shorts 24-7,
and now it's like a perfect little picture frame
for his cool wang.
Well, think about it.
Cargo shorts are his work clothes.
It's like, how can you get more cash than that?
You can't dress down when you're not at the office.
Like, it's just a baseline of cargo shorts.
Like shorter cargo shorts?
I guess, or like, they're faux cargo shorts,
but they're made out of sweatpants material.
Maybe that's an option.
I like that.
This picture brings me alive.
But again, great hog.
Cool hog, right?
Just pants dressing up, top-notch wang.
Great penis.
By the way, I also do want to say that it,
just to reiterate, we know it is ethically dicey.
We understand that.
Just wanted to say.
It's the only one I need.
I get no erotic satisfaction out of it.
It's a sort of spiritual satisfaction.
You like his hot beans and bacon.
Oh God, let's go to the mighty zone.
This week, my brother, my brother and me sponsored by harrys.com.
We've talked about it before.
We're big fans.
Harry's.
It's razors, but like new and cool in a new cool way.
Not like the old shitty way.
Which was what?
The old shitty way was you had to like go to the store
and like find somebody to unlock a case
and like hand you like they were nuclear launch codes,
like your razor blades and stuff.
But with Harry's, ship it right to your door.
And you hear that and you think,
so I bet it's super expensive.
Like that wine of the month club I belong to.
But it's not.
It's very affordable.
In fact, you can get a Harry starter set for just $15,
which includes a razor, foaming shave gel or shave cream,
and three razor blades, plus free shipping.
Like that's an incredible deal.
Yeah, it's a great deal.
I'm just furiously searching
because now I'm starting to worry
because I did a search for Jeff Probst dick.
And I'm worried that this picture
that I built a significant part of my life around.
Don't say it.
Might be a fakey fake bullshit.
No.
And here's the thing, you can go to harrys.com right now
and get $5 off the starter set
with the code mybrother, all one word.
So that's just for $10.
You can get the razor foaming shave gel or shave cream
and three razor blades plus free shipping
using the code mybrother.
Start shaving better today.
We got our correspondent Griffin McElroy on a story.
In the meantime, Jason Worsets,
I have a message for you from Gina Worsets Able.
Dear Jason, happy belated birthday, big brother.
I hope this puts the biggest smile on your face
while you recover from the traumatic going upstairs injury.
Sorry you can't have nice things like bones.
I miss you so much since you moved across the country,
but can't wait to reunite with you
at the NBNB AM show in Portland.
Love, Gina.
I hope that happens.
I hope that happened too.
That would be weird if he was like, wait a minute,
she was at that show?
She didn't tell me that.
Maybe she was waiting for the message to be played.
Well, now it has been.
And so very belated happy birthday to you, Jason.
And I hope that you've recovered, Jason.
Quick update on this story.
Have yet to verify the veracity of the image in question,
but I will say that if you Google search
Jeff Probst's fake nude, you'll get a lot of hits.
Griffin, have you checked out Snopes?
There's actually a Snopes forum post.
They have not confirmed it.
What?
There's just a lot of dicks of all sorts of.
Wow, that's a lot of dicks.
Adam Lumpy Franklin, I have a message for you from Samantha.
And it says, happy 40th birthday
to my favorite bacon loving cousin.
I hope you and Shelly have convinced our favorite brother
to come up and join us for your birthday festivities,
or at least host a live show in Texas.
Enjoy that office birthday cake.
Thanks for being awesome.
Love, your favorite cousin.
You know what I like about that?
Very direct, very to the point, very positive.
Big fan of that message.
I do think in there, though,
are you saying Griffin's your favorite brother?
Okay, let me see. What did I do?
I think you're their favorite brother.
While you were looking at Jeff Probst's possible fake dick.
It's not even Jeff Probst anymore, guys.
I have crossed the Rubicon,
and searching Jeff Probst's fake nude
is apparently a fucking AOL keyword
to take you into a tunnel of dicks.
You've hacked into the mainframe.
I feel like Neil Armstrong,
I am stepping foot onto a part of the internet
where I am the first Voyager.
I am the first explorer.
I'm the first hit that these dick pics have made.
You've entered the Delta Quadrant,
and you can't come back, and it's full of Borg,
and by Borg, I mean celebrity penises.
Guys, there's nothing funnier
than a bad, fake naked picture of Jeff Probst,
where his head is like, there's some shit on here
where it looks like he's got a crazy giraffe neck
or something like that,
and his face is way, way paler
than the rest of his nude body.
I have to get, I need to get the fuck out of here.
Escape pod, escape pod, go.
Get out of there, Griffin.
Get off of the silk, get out of the silk chode.
Let's, oh God, let's, all right,
let's start the money zone.
Hi, I'm Julie Sabatier, host of Rendered.
It's a show about making meaning and breaking rules.
We're answering important questions,
like can you build a spacesuit in your living room?
I went to my brother's place in Beaverton,
and he has a swimming pool, and I pressurized the suit,
and sat down there underwater for about 10 minutes.
The thing that I had built was supporting my life.
That felt really good.
What does it sound like when you play a polka record
through a styrofoam cup?
And what happens when an airport carpet
gains a cult following?
Oh my goodness, the carpet has an Instagram.
Check out Rendered now at MaximumFun.org,
or wherever you like to listen to podcasts.
How about, instead of that, Griffin, how about a Yahoo?
Yeah, sure.
This Yahoo was sent in by Level 9000 Yajur Jujur Davenport.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yajur Answers user Justin Bieber,
probably not accurate, who asks,
boxing combinations?
Boxing combos I can use that are unique and cool.
Do you mean like the old one two?
Like the old one two, yeah, I think that's...
The new one two?
Yahoo user Bundini says the very basic combo
is the one two or jab straight.
Doesn't look exciting, but if you can master it,
the timing and accuracy,
it's also the most effective and dangerous.
My favorite though is the three three two,
or the double hook body and head and straight.
Tyson loved throwing it,
and if you have the speed and explosiveness
of Tyson's fist, and I do,
no one would survive it.
Survive it?
Wait, wait, wait.
Sorry, no one would survive your crazy punch combo?
Oh, I've got these just crazy murder hands.
Yeah, and he did, and I do.
I think my favorite combo is the nut nut butthole.
And how does that work, Travis?
You punch the left nut, and then you punch the right nut,
and while they're hunched over, you punch the butthole.
You'd have to get completely around them.
This would be an extremely difficult maneuver
to pull off, Travis.
Listen, I'm not saying, this is not a beginner move.
The precision you would need to isolate each testicle
would be impossible.
This is why I never fight Stretch Armstrong anymore,
because he would always go for that combo.
Can I say something?
If I had to get in a boxing match
against Jeff Probst right now,
I feel like I actually could pull this off,
because I feel like I know that territory so super well.
Better than he knows it himself.
I could punch that shit in like the Konami code,
just using his different areas as the inputs.
Wouldn't boxing be better if they could do
like moves, if they like studied the combos,
and they could like hadouken?
Oh, that would be fucking tight.
If in the Pacquiao Mayweather match,
well, if anything had happened in that match,
it would have been cool.
But if like at one point, like Mayweather's just like,
oh, pretty good fight, yoga fire!
And then spit yoga fire.
Get over here!
Man, that would be tight.
Oh, it seems the champ has been frozen.
Oh, and he shouted.
Okay, well, that's the end of the match.
We'll get him back together for you.
Yeah, that would be good.
Boxing's not my thing.
Have you guys ever just like watched,
sat down for some boxing?
Yeah, I hear it's the most beautiful sport.
It's not.
I think there's a lot of sports more beautiful.
The sweet science.
Sweet science, that's what I was looking for.
The most dangerous game.
Now that I would watch.
You know, it's a weird thing,
because like with most sporting events,
like you know sort of what you're gonna get, right?
Like at least if you're sitting down
to watch something produced by the WWE,
you know you're gonna get showmanship.
You know you're gonna get some drama.
You know you're gonna get some high flying action.
If you're watching a football match,
you know there's gonna be some downs.
There's gonna be passes,
and it's gonna last around two and a half hours-ish.
And even if it's like a low scoring thing,
it's like, oh my God, the defense.
The tension is still there.
Well, there, go!
There are boxing fights
where somebody just punches somebody so hard
that it knocks them out, and that's the end.
They don't wake him back up and say,
hey, people are paying a lot of money for this.
You gotta finish this.
You have to finish it.
I bought a 12 pack of a seasonal micro brew.
I can't wait to have a great evening with it.
All right, bye guys.
And they don't refund you
for the unused portion of the fight.
They don't prorate it.
They should make you go 12 rounds.
Like if you can't-
They prop you up like we get a bird piece in the corner.
If you can't get up,
the guy's just gonna lay on the ground and punch you.
Just keep punching him.
He doesn't have to.
But he could.
He could just lay down beside you and stare at the ceiling.
Does everybody remember he-
But they have to go the whole time.
Everybody remember he laid down first, right?
Okay.
I'm gonna nap now too.
If he wakes up, you wake me up.
I don't want him to punch me all in the sleep.
A knockout should be if the guy counts to 150.
That should be an knockout.
And he doesn't lose track
while there's people throwing numbers at him randomly.
What if there was a crew that they could bring in?
We'll call them a boxing fun time squad.
And if a match lasts 35 seconds, right?
In a Ronda Rousey fight, for example,
which not boxing, but fine.
And then she does her thing,
gets out there 35 seconds down, match is over.
But I've got my crew together.
I worked hard to get my whole squad together.
And I'm trying to hang out and be entertained.
What if there was a fun time squad
that could get out there and do some improv games
for two hours?
Ooh, I like that.
Maybe you get a clown up there
to stand in front of her with a cape.
And she just runs at him and then he hides in a barrel.
What if it was just like, if you go down the next in line,
like now your trainer has to go out.
And if your trainer goes down,
now like your hype man has to go out.
And now your son.
And it's just like succession.
Oh shit, that way when you're fighting,
it's like, I've got to do good in this fight
because I do not want my son in the ring with Tyson.
Cause that, cause then if he goes down,
then my grandkids gonna go in and he's two months old.
And he's terrible.
He hasn't mastered the one, two yet.
No, his three, three, two is good though.
What if after you get knocked out, if it was too early,
after you get knocked out,
like a ring of people dressed exactly like you,
like hop into the ring and encircle the person
like in a Kung Fu movie.
So then you have to like,
you have to take them all on at once to that final challenge.
Well, now they have to fight a shadow version of themselves
and like, so that would be good.
You knocked out Steven,
but now you have to fight yourself, but evil.
And like all your moves are equal.
Maybe after you get knocked out,
you transform into a giant pulsating mass
with one flashing glowing eye in front
and you're shooting lasers and fireballs and stuff.
It seems the challenger has entered his second form.
That would be boxing.
And here's what they don't tell you.
You're supposed to lose that fight.
Yeah, you have to.
Cause then you wake up in like the, you know, in the inn
and it's like, oh, he's rampaging the town.
You must become Dovahkiin.
If you're gonna take on Manny Pacquiao,
you must become the hero you're always meant to be.
Welcome to, be still hero, you're in Mighty Glove Village.
Awaken and take these wooden gloves in preparation.
No, you can't leave the village
until you find steel gloves and a mouth guard.
Unfortunately, your punching shield
was destroyed in the fight.
Well, well, Brian,
it seemed like the over under on that match was way off.
It was much shorter than we thought it was gonna be.
Pacquiao just could not hang in there.
Now we must go collect the seven crystals of legend and-
But first he has to find the missing cat
for the local old woman before he can leave the village.
Do a little bit of grinding in the haunted forest
and just collect the magic sword.
And I think now, now Steve, let me stop you right there.
You cannot bring a sword into the ring.
That is boxing 101, no swords.
It would be an amazing bit of intimidation
if you like lean in and just as the match starts and says,
you should have destroyed my Horcruxes first.
Yeah, sure.
They would just lay down
cause they knew they weren't gonna get it.
I've got the elder wand in my glove.
That's also against the rules.
What?
Hey brothers, my wife is pregnant
and is going to be delivering our daughter in late November.
Apparently they don't let women eat or drink in labor
and I don't want to have to risk her having the baby
in a fast food drive through
on the way to the hospital to get snacks.
What are good snacks to bring during labor?
Her first suggestion was smuggling in a pizza.
A cheese pizza.
Cheese pizza.
And she doesn't listen to you.
So-
Cool.
I wish I hadn't done that great goof for you.
So this is a genuine, but maybe she'll hear this bit
cause of course you'll play it for her
and she'll be like, man, I don't like this podcast
but it's a fucking good Tim Curry.
So this is a genuine desire and not a naked Totino's tie-in.
That's from Brandon in South Carolina.
Is that true?
They don't let women eat while they're in labor?
Yeah.
I mean, okay.
The question is a little bit muddled.
I'm trying to follow the logic.
Says they don't let women eat or drink in labor
and he wants to know some good snacks to bring.
Like, is he going to just like-
For you?
Covertly shove a nature's valley into her mouth?
Like what is the-
Baby, he's not looking.
Have these M&Ms.
Maybe you got to take these pills.
Hey, wait a minute.
Those are combos.
Get out of here.
You know, this is my two cents here.
Granted, I've never been in a delivery room
but if the doctor says like, she shouldn't eat
you probably stick with that.
Like I think I know best that my wife wants Doritos.
Is this true?
Like, is this a thing?
Like it seems like a weird incentive
to get labor over quickly, to be like, oh, I'm so hungry.
And you can totally have a sandwich.
Yeah, you want this-
As soon as you're done.
You want this chili dog?
Squeeze that little baby out.
Pop that baby out and you can totally have these Pringles.
I don't know, I think I want to keep this baby
in here for a little while longer.
Oh, are you sure?
Cause I've got this new, they made a new flavor of Pringles
and I've got them.
Maybe that's trying to entice the baby out too.
Like, oh shit, I don't know what Pringles are
but I'm into it.
I bet they-
I just hear a pop.
Oh, then I won't stop, be right there.
I think that babies in the womb actually probably
do know what Pringles are.
So, so great are Pringles that they just-
They've heard about it?
I think they're baked into our DNA.
Like, I think when we come out and we're crying
it's because we haven't had Pringles
for as long as we've existed.
You know what I mean?
And the only way you can shut that up
is to jam a couple of Pringles.
Plus their commercials contain coded ultrasound messages
in Morse code.
True.
A lot of people don't know that.
Yeah, I mean, it's weird, but yeah,
that's like the, that's the scoop.
Now, I think that that's probably something I would guess
and I'm not sure, but we took like our birth training
classes at like a, I don't know what you'd call it.
Like a home birth, a birthing center.
A coven.
A coven, there, thank you.
And like, I think they let them eat on the reg
but I'm not, I'm not sure since we didn't actually
go through with it there.
Oh, like at, like the, the-
At the birth center, if it's not, yeah,
like if it's not the hospital, I think they're like,
that's a, that's bullshit.
Oh, so maybe this is just something the hospital cooked up
to save money on like food bills.
Or maybe the doctor had to be in there for a long time
and just didn't want stinky cheese dogs in there
the whole time he was trying to do the baby thing.
He needed to be on focus.
Just give him some Soylent.
Yeah.
It's a meal in a glass.
You know what I mean?
Or some Guinness.
That's not good either.
Maybe mix Soylent into Guinness.
I don't think like beer is a great option,
but it's like bread.
It's like bread in a glass, Justin.
Well, okay.
It's also like baby poison in a glass.
I don't know.
Maybe like, what about non-alcoholic Guinness?
Does that exist?
Yeah, it's called Caliber with a K and it is disgusting.
It tastes like raisins.
Don't get Caliber. Take that, baby.
Take that, baby.
Enjoy this disgusting Caliber.
I think if you get hungry,
I think if you get hungry or thirsty enough,
you'll, you'll drink whatever.
That's how that, what happened in that 156 hours.
The dude like got stuck in the rocks
and then he was like, oh fuck, all I got is Caliber.
Well, I'm gonna dump that right out.
And now I'm gonna cut my arm off so I can eat it.
Mm-hmm.
Is that what happened in that movie?
Yeah, he cuts his arm off and he eats it.
So wait, I do have a question
because I'm never gonna watch that movie.
Yeah.
After he does, and we all know what happens, right?
He cuts his own arm off so he can escape, right?
Or did he?
So like a lot of people aren't sure, I guess.
Griffin had just raised, I don't know.
It's a Jeff Rose did.
I'm saying, I'm saying what I,
the man I saw on the Today Show that one time
looked vaguely holographic.
Okay.
But anyway, so like after he cuts his own arm off,
like does he finish climbing or whatever?
Like he's already there.
Like don't you think he would just like,
well, I'm already here, might as well finish climbing?
No, no.
I mean, what's he get, does he just leave?
Yeah. Yeah.
He just kind of,
that was the whole point of the whole enterprise
of him cutting his arm off.
It's not like he cut his arm off,
was like, cool, now I can sit down.
This is all I needed.
Oh, what a good, what a good sit.
Maybe he just needed a break.
I mean, he's already there.
Okay, I'm done with my sit.
Time to snap back in.
It's from, I don't know where he was climbing,
but what could assume is like a long drive to get there.
Like he's gonna have to drive back out later.
I mean, he had been there for a hundred
and it's like 62 hours.
I feel like he'd gotten his money's worth.
Yeah.
You know what I regret?
You know what?
I'm gonna pop my other arm in there.
I'm not ready to go.
There's still more fun to be had.
What if as he was climbing,
he like reached for the same spot
with the arm that he had cut off
and it just like swung past.
He was like, ah, ah, ah.
Not today.
Not this time, you little bitch.
Have you guys seen 386 hours?
It's this crazy movie where this guy gets his arm stuck,
cuts it off, incinerates it, has an arm jar.
He's like, ah, you know what?
You know what?
What you've been listening to is I think a 100%
authentic recreation of the first meeting
with James Franco about this film.
Yeah.
Like guaranteed he was pitching this.
Like Ash, you should just go back up.
He's already there.
I have another Yahoo.
This one, wow, shit.
I promise I didn't plan this, but it's a hat trick.
Yeah, Drew, Drew, dude, I have a board, thank you, Drew.
It's by, yeah, Drew answers user.
Oh, it's anonymous.
Shit.
Let's call him the Highlander.
The Highlander asks,
does anyone know how to curse a real sword?
Details?
None.
None details.
A real sword?
Yeah.
Ugh.
As opposed to-
A real, like with an edge and metal and what all.
Yeah.
Just your typical real sword.
Yes.
Fight quality?
Doesn't say, doesn't say.
Just like a real, like curse like a nerf sword?
Does he want to curse a nerf sword?
I mean, a nerf sword is real,
but I think the real in this subject is modifying sword.
So like a real, like fighting sword.
A real sword, ugh.
Do you know how to curse a nerf sword?
Eh, gosh, a real sword?
Had to be real, didn't it?
Yeah, that's the-
Drew, couldn't you just take your nerf sword curse
and like use it on the sword?
Yeah.
Which sword?
The real sword.
A real sword, ugh.
Cursing a real sword, ugh, gosh.
A real sword.
Can I ask-
What about a, can I interest you in a cursed,
wait, what did you want?
Real sword.
Ugh, gosh.
A real one.
Ah, crap.
This is great, this is great,
because I felt like I was kind of running on empty
coming into the end of the episode.
I was just like looking for something like this
to just sort of coast in on.
What's the date?
It's September 4th when we're recording this.
Roughly what time in, is it?
About five.
About five, okay.
Whose time zone?
Yours.
And what kind of sword?
Very real.
Ugh, gosh, oof, um, mm, ugh.
I wanna-
Gosh, a real sword, is this a curse?
Can I ask what's bothering you so much about this?
I mean, do you have experience cursing
like a decorative sword or like-
Or like blessing a real sword but not cursing it?
Like it seems like you're upset about
literally every word in this sentence.
What did you want to happen to the real,
like I got the real sword,
like I see you have a real sword that you brought with you.
What did you, like clarify for me
what exactly you want to happen?
We wanted to curse it.
Curse what?
A real sword.
Ugh, gosh.
Can you, can you enchant-
This is a tough thing.
Yeah, can you enchant a real sword?
Enchant it with what?
Magic?
Yeah, but what kind of enchantment are you wanting?
Fire.
We'll say fire.
Like fire.
Well, a fire enchantment on a real sword
is that, that's no problem at all.
You knocked that out.
You knocked that out over the weekend.
Do that.
Yeah, I'll do that, man.
But what about, so just take that
and like curse the real sword.
Ugh!
Yeah, but I know, I know, I know, I know, I know.
Think about it, think about it this way.
Think about the sweat equity that you're building.
People buy swords and they just put them off on the shelf
and they think like, oh, that's gonna,
that's gonna increase in value.
But it's not because the sword needs to be honed.
You know what I mean?
It needs to be used.
Or in this case, it needs to be enchanted with dark magics.
And if you do that, you're gonna be able to resell this
for God, I don't know, 50 to 100% profit.
Depends on the curse too, and the sword.
Yeah, I mean, I would think depending on the kind of sword
that you're wanting to curse, it could be really easy.
Or it could be really difficult.
It depends on the type of sword
that you're wanting to put the curse on.
What about a scimitar?
A real scimitar.
Ah, that is tough.
$100.
That wasn't even the question.
The question was, does anyone know how to curse a real sword?
Not how much would it cost Justin McElroy
to curse my real sword.
Wait, what did you want to curse?
I'm so mad you didn't stick the dismount.
You flipped in the air for 20 minutes.
You didn't stick the landing.
A real sword.
$200.
Why did it increase?
You wasted my time, kid.
Okay, all right.
Are you gonna curse this fucking sword for me or not?
I will if you keep your voice down.
Wait, I also need you to buy some of these unicorn figures.
Wait, is it a fucking sword?
Because that I can curse, that's no problem.
As long as it is not, gosh, I can't even say it.
Yeah.
Real?
Ooh.
$300.
I don't, I'm leaving.
I'm leaving this store.
This is a bad store run by business,
not business minded people.
Well, I have some bad news for you.
What's that?
It's a Starbucks and you've been dead the whole time.
What?
Twist, Shyamalan.
Why do I have a sword?
Do you?
Look at it right in.
Holy shit, this is not a real sword at all.
That's one of our new sausage and gouda sandwiches.
They're new this week.
Can you curse this for me?
Yeah, no problem.
How much is that?
How much is what?
Cursing my sandwich.
Oh, that comes free with the purchase.
Oh, fuck yeah.
Yeah, do it.
No problem.
Can you toast it?
Yeah, okay.
Is it, wait, hold on, stop.
Wait, wait, wait.
Stop, hold on, wait, wait, hold on, stop.
Are you, in your mind, when you toast something,
and this is very important,
I should have asked this up front.
When you toast something, do you refer to that
as cursing it?
Yes.
Now, when you say sausage and gouda sandwich,
are you referring to a real sword?
No, no, it's a real sandwich.
Okay, that's no problem.
In the morning times, you say,
I know what I'll have, a little breakfast time treat.
I'm gonna curse some waffles.
Give them the curse of incineration.
Okay.
You know what, I will have that on my sword.
Thank you.
Have what?
Thank you all for listening to my brother.
My brother and me, that was our who's on first.
We're gonna break that out into a little cassingle.
Gonna stamp that on the vinyl.
We'll have people sign that.
We'll sign that for folks.
Just come to our shows, bring our cursed sword single,
and we'll make sure to, you won't leave unhappy.
Can I just say, somebody out there,
one person just found their favorite bit of all time.
I think, can I say that?
I think it was fucking you.
I think it was Carl Reiner.
Carl Reiner thought that was a real good goof.
We wanna say thank you to everybody
who came out to our live show tour
in the Pacific Northwest.
It was amazing, and everybody was incredible,
and Seattle and Portland and Vancouver,
you're all super nice,
and we really appreciated the warm welcome,
except for Vancouver, where it rained a bunch
and most people didn't have power,
so it wasn't really that warm, but we still appreciate it.
And the welcome was warm.
I have 20 Canadian dollars with me still,
so if anybody wants to swap, put me know.
We also wanna say we've got another live show coming up
in just a few weeks.
We're doing LA PodFest this year.
Now, here's the thing.
You might be sitting there going,
but I'm not in Los Angeles.
Good news.
If you go to LAPodFest.com and click on live stream,
you can watch a live My Brother, My Brother, Me
and the first ever live adventure zone from anywhere,
and it's only $25, but if you use the code zone or brother,
either one, you can watch it for $20,
you save five bucks, and you help support our show.
And the whole thing, you can watch all the shows,
not just My Brother, My Brother and Me,
and Adventure Zone, but Stuff You Should Know
is gonna be there, Indoor Kids is gonna be there,
and there's a ton of other ones.
Speaking of, Stuff You Should Know comes on right after us,
so if you're going to be at the live show,
stick around, watch their show too.
I think, is Indoor Kids doing right before us?
That is correct. That's gonna be
a fucking power play.
That's gonna be a good set, y'all.
It's a huge lineup.
So go to LAPodFest.com, click on live stream,
use the code zone or brother.
I wanna thank John Roderick in the long winters
for the use of our theme song
as a departure off the album, Putting the Days to Bed.
If you didn't listen to last week's episode,
because it was live, you should at least listen
to the first minute and a half of it,
because he played our intro for us,
and he was super cool.
He's a really super great dude.
Thank you, thank you, John.
That video's up too.
If you look at our Twitter, we retweeted it.
Yeah. Yeah, and I've, Jeremy.
Frank. Our friend Jeremy
filmed the whole thing,
so I've got the whole Seattle live show on video.
I'll be putting that up in chunks pretty soon.
Oh, speaking of which,
if anybody happened to do that
for the Portland show, will you please holler at your boy?
We talked about that in the interstitial.
Yeah, we lost Portland.
I've seen a few people on Twitter.
It seems like a mixed reaction.
A lot of people who were at that show are bummed
that the show they went to isn't going to exist ever,
but there are a lot of people who now think of themselves
as the recipients of this rare gift
that it was an okay show.
It was a pretty good show.
I guess it's the kind of show that you'd be happy to be
one of 600 people to listen to.
What I think we should do is post what we have,
maybe not on the feed, maybe just for download,
and let people record what they think Travis is saying
in any given moment.
Oh, everyone can do their own Sad Lib.
Exactly, it's like a Sad Lib
where you're filling in for Travis.
You get to be, we're gonna call it the jokes on you.
Oh shit, that's good.
I like that. Thank you.
So you're gonna record a full episode
where you're just sitting with Travis,
and it's gotta dovetail as nicely as possible,
and I don't know what you should do with it then.
I hope their jokes aren't better than mine.
What if we did it as a contest,
and then we actually release that episode?
Yes, that is an excellent idea.
Yes, that's an excellent idea.
Speaking of contests, the MBMJAM game jam
has been extended.
I think the new deadline is September 13th,
if I'm not mistaken.
Go to MBMJAM.com and check out all the details there.
It's not too late, go do it.
Davenport's been tweeting at us,
pictures of him making shit on the original PSX RPG maker,
and it has been giving me the craziest nostalgia
I've probably ever experienced in my entire life,
because I put maybe 150 hours into that game.
Oh, RPG maker, I miss you so.
Are we done?
I think so.
Speaking of Drew Davenport, four in one show.
Has that ever happened before?
Probably.
It's amazing.
Yeah.
Thank you, Drew.
It's by Yadru user, Sincaivu.
Sincaivu asks,
is Dakota Fanning still alive?
I'm Justin McElroy.
I'm Travis McElroy.
I'm Griffin McElroy.
He's been my brother, my brother,
and may you kiss your dad's square on the lips.
And we host a show about being new moms.
Have you ever pretended to be a sleeping rock
to make your three-year-old play by yourself?
How about scream singing
to make yourself think you aren't screaming?
You're singing really, really loud!
Join us every week for more helpful tips
on creative parenting,
and remember, you don't have to park your toddler
in front of the TV to be one bad mother.
Subscribe for free on iTunes or go to MaximumFun.org.